<div>
  <span><a href="./1.1.md">Prev</a></span>&nbsp;
  <span><a href="./2.1.md">Next</a></span>
</div>

<span><a href="../README.md">Salesforce Certified AI Specialist (Summer 24)</a></h1>

### Exam Topic
Implement and manage the Einstein Trust Layer

### Key Concepts
1. [Prerequisites for Salesforce Gen AI](#details)

### Key Mechanisms
1. **Einstein Trust Layer**: Setup > Einstein > Einstein Generative AI > Einstein Trust Layer
2. **Einstein Feedback**: Setup > Einstein > Einstein Generative AI > Einstein Feeback

### Details

At present (Summer 24), there isn't much to the trust layer from an implementation/configuration standpoint. It does have a setup menu entry, but there is only one setting that can be set. The key thing here is to make sure that your org has the required prerequisites properly configured. See below for more details. 

**Step 1: Verify Data Cloud in Your Org** <br />
Before turning on Einstein generative AI features, make sure Data Cloud is provisioned and enabled in your org. Data Cloud is required for essential Einstein Generative AI functionality, such as the Trust Layer.

<u>System admin</u>: Navigate to Data Cloud Setup. If you don’t see this option, refresh your page, or log out and log back in with your admin user credentials. If you still don't see this option, ensure that you're using a required edition. For more support, contact your Salesforce Account Executive (AE).

For Data Cloud setup instructions, see [Set Up and Maintain](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.c360_a_set_up.htm&language=en_US&type=5) in Salesforce Help.

**Step 2: Turn On Einstein Generative AI** <br />
Turn on Einstein to use generative AI features across Salesforce. After you turn on Einstein, we’ll need a few minutes while we sync Einstein and Data Cloud.

<ol>
    <li>System Admin: From Setup, in the Quick Find box, enter Einstein Setup, and then select Einstein Setup.
        <details>
            <summary>IMPORTANT NOTE</summery>
            If you can’t find Einstein Setup, ensure that your org meets the prerequisites for any generative AI features you plan to use. For more support, contact your Salesforce Account Executive (AE).
        </details>
    </li>
    <li>Enable Turn on Einstein.</li>
</ol>

**Step 3: Set Up Einstein Trust** <br />
Build trust in your generative AI. Use the Einstein Trust Layer to personalize data privacy controls that are integrated into the end-user experience.

System Admin: [Set up Einstein Trust Layer](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.generative_ai_trust_setup.htm&language=en_US&type=5)

**Step 4: Turn On Einstein Data Collection and Storage** <br />
Store your Einstein generative AI audit and feedback data in Data Cloud. You can use that data for compliance, analytics, prompt adjustments, and LLM tuning to enhance your generative AI applications.

By turning on Einstein data collection and storage, you consent to store your Salesforce organization's generative AI activity log and feedback data in Data Cloud. Consent also assumes you’ve reviewed any potential cost implications and assume responsibility for any associated costs (see [Data Cloud Billable Usage Types](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.c360_a_data_usage_types.htm&language=en_US&type=5)). 

<ol>
    <li>System Admin: [Turn On Einstein Generative AI Data Collection and Storage](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.generative_ai_feedback_enable.htm&language=en_US&type=5)
    </li>
    <li>System Admin: [Access Einstein Generative AI Audit and Feedback Data Reports and Dashboards.](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.generative_ai_feedback_install_report.htm&language=en_US&type=5)</li>
</ol>

### Resources
- [Setup Einstein Generative AI](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.generative_ai_enable.htm&type=5)

<hr />

<div>
  <span><a href="./1.1.md">Prev</a></span>
  <span><a href="./2.1.md">Next</a></span>
</div>

<span><a href="../README.md">Salesforce Certified AI Specialist (Summer 24)</a></span>