<div>
  <span><a href="1.2.md">Prev</a></span>&nbsp;
  <span><a href="2.2.md">Next</a></span>
</div>

<span><a href="../README.md">Salesforce Certified AI Specialist (Summer 24)</a></h1>

### Exam Topic
Given a scenario, identify the correct generative AI feature in Einstein for Sales

### Key Concepts
1. [AI Assistant]()
1. [Personalized Sales Emails]()

### Key Mechanisms
1. **Sales Cloud Einstein**: sdfgsdfg.

### Details





- **Einstein Lead Scoring:** Uses machine learning to rank leads based on their likelihood to convert, helping sales reps prioritize high-potential leads.

- **Einstein Opportunity Scoring:** Scores opportunities based on factors like past sales data and engagement, helping sales reps focus on deals with the best chances of closing.

- **Einstein Forecasting:** AI-powered forecasts provide accurate sales projections by analyzing past performance and pipeline trends.

- **Einstein Activity Capture:** Automatically logs emails and meetings to Salesforce, syncing data with relevant leads, contacts, and opportunities.

- **Einstein Account Insights:** Provides alerts about key business changes at accounts, such as leadership changes or press releases, to keep sales reps informed.

- **Einstein Automated Contacts:** Identifies new contacts from emails and calendar events, and adds them to Salesforce records automatically.

- **Einstein Email Insights:** Flags important emails and suggests follow-up actions based on the content of the conversation, helping reps stay on top of deals.

- **Einstein Call Coaching:** Uses natural language processing (NLP) to analyze sales calls and identify areas for improvement or opportunities to close deals faster.

- **Einstein Analytics for Sales:** Provides powerful, customizable dashboards to visualize sales data and uncover actionable insights.

- **Einstein Lead and Opportunity Insights:** Recommends next best actions for leads and opportunities based on historical patterns and current data.

- **Einstein Voice:** Allows sales reps to update records, create tasks, and get insights using voice commands, streamlining daily tasks.

- **Einstein Opportunity and Pipeline Insights:** Predicts which deals may be at risk and suggests actions to improve pipeline health.

- **Einstein Email and Meeting Follow-Up:** Automatically reminds sales reps to follow up on emails or meetings with leads and customers.









### Resources
- [Trailhead - Sales AI Quicklook](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/sales-gpt-quick-look?trail_id=drive-productivity-with-einstein-ai)
- [Sales Cloud Einstein](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.einstein_sales.htm&type=5)

<hr />

<div>
  <span><a href="1.2.md">Prev</a></span>&nbsp;
  <span><a href="2.2.md">Next</a></span>
</div>

<span><a href="../README.md">Salesforce Certified AI Specialist (Summer 24)</a></span>