<div>
  <span><a href="2.1.md">Prev</a></span>&nbsp;
  <span><a href="3.1.md">Next</a></span>
</div>

<span><a href="../README.md">Salesforce Certified AI Specialist (Summer 24)</a></h1>

# Salesforce Certified AI Specialist (Summer 24)

### Exam Topic
Given a scenario, identify the correct generative AI feature in Einstein for Service

### Key Concepts
1. []()

### Key Mechanisms
1. **todo**: sdfgsdfg.

### Details

- **Einstein Article Recommendations:** Recommends relevant knowledge articles to agents on open cases.

- **Einstein Bots:** Automatically resolves common issues in conversations on chat and messaging channels. Bot conversations can be purchased via the Digital Engagement SKU, or as an add-on.

- **Einstein Case Classification:** Predicts field values like Priority, Reason, or Type for classifying incoming cases based on the text a customer presents in the case Subject and Description.

- **Einstein Case Routing:** Works with Einstein Case Classification to triage and route cases to the right agent or queue.

- **Einstein Case Wrap-Up:** Lets chat agents complete cases fast, with greater accuracy and consistency.

- **Einstein Conversation Mining:** Transforms conversation data into service insights and builds bot intents. This is included in the Service Intelligence SKU, not in the Einstein for Service SKU.

- **Einstein Knowledge Creation:** Grows your knowledge base and captures information in the flow of work with AI-generated article drafts.

- **Einstein Next Best Action:** Uses data insights and business rules to recommend offers and actions for an agent to take.

- **Einstein Reply Recommendations:** Analyzes chat transcripts to recommend relevant replies during chat and messaging sessions.

- **Einstein Service Replies:** Drafts and recommends fluent, courteous, and relevant replies using generative AI for your agents to review, edit, and post.

- **Einstein Work Summaries:** Drafts a summary, issue, and resolution using generative AI, based on a Chat conversation between an agent and customer.

- **Service Analytics:** Provides insights into contact center operations, helping you deliver enhanced customer experiences.

### Resources
- [LINK TODO](URL)

<hr />

<div>
  <span><a href="2.1.md">Prev</a></span>&nbsp;
  <span><a href="3.1.md">Next</a></span>
</div>

<span><a href="../README.md">Salesforce Certified AI Specialist (Summer 24)</a></span>